New protocol documentation. (#380)
LiskHQ/lisk-docs: modules/ROOT/pages/7-mainnet.adoc

= Lisk Mainnet Specifications

> The Lisk Mainnet is build using the Lisk protocol. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Lisk Mainnet follows the Lisk protocol. 
```

Reviewer 2: changed

> It has been running for many years and has a few specificities that are not part of the basic Lisk protocol.

Reviewer: Maybe be more precise: "The genesis block has been forged on [insert date here]"

Reviewer 2: done

Reviewer 2: actually went for "It has been launched in May 2016".

> It has been running for many years and has a few specificities that are not part of the basic Lisk protocol.

Reviewer 3: > has been running for many years
I would find it much nicer to write down the exact date.

Reviewer 2: yes, changed

== Token

The native token for the Lisk Mainnet is the *LSK*. Each LSK is further subdivided into 10^8^ [#index-beddows-1]#*Beddows*#.

== Transactions

The Lisk Mainnet supports two additional transactions. 

> ==== Reclaim

Reviewer: ```suggestion
=== Reclaim
```

Reviewer 2: always for more equality

> This transactions allows to access the balance that was sent to a legacy address without any associated public key. This legacy address needs to match with the `senderPublicKey` of the transaction.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This transaction allows to access the balance that was sent to a legacy address without any associated public key. This legacy address needs to match with the `senderPublicKey` of the transaction.
```
Furthermore, we never introduced the concept of legacy address, so it may be worth spending a line here. Maybe something like: "The legacy address corresponds to the last 8 bytes of the `senderPublicKey` of the transaction in reversed order."
or something similar

Reviewer 2: added a precision in this regard.

image::../assets/images/unif_diagrams/ReclaimAsset.png[ReclaimAsset]

> ==== Regenesis

Reviewer: ```suggestion
=== Regenesis
```

Reviewer 2: changed

> This transaction defines precisely the accounts state and the chain state at a specified regenesis height.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This transaction contains a cryptographic reference to the accounts state and the chain state at a specified regenesis height.
```

Reviewer 2: yes, thanks.

Nodes synchronizing from the regenesis height do not need to apply all the blocks prior to it. 

> This allows for lighter nodes in terms of storage and lighter software.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this way, non backwards-compatible nodes can participate in the Lisk protocol, allowing for a more consistent and lighter codebase.
```
not a fun of my formulation either, actually.

Reviewer 2: yes. I think I like the actual wording a bit better.

Reviewer: I don't think lighter software is very common though. Also, more than not needing to apply all blocks prior to it, the new nodes really can not apply them. This transaction thus allows for these nodes to exist

Reviewer 2: hmmm, so if you sync from regenesis, you don't need to apply all the prior blocks. This allows you to run simpler software, I agree lighter is not the best word here. After a bit of googling it seems that the terminology is "lightweight". Will change accordingly.

Reviewer 2: I would not emphasis that you cannot apply the previous blocks. Though I agree that it is the case.
The condition to run the lightweight software is "I don't need/want to apply the blocks".

= Lisk Mainnet Specifications

The Lisk Mainnet follows the Lisk protocol. 
It has been lauched in May 2016 and has a few specificities that are not part of the basic Lisk protocol.

== Token

The native token for the Lisk Mainnet is the *LSK*. Each LSK is further subdivided into 10^8^ [#index-beddows-1]#*Beddows*#.

== Transactions

The Lisk Mainnet supports two additional transactions. 

=== Reclaim

This transaction allows to access the balance that was sent to a legacy address without any associated public key. 

> Legacy addresses are generated with the first eight bytes of the public key, they were used in older versions of the protocol. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Legacy addresses, generated from the first eight bytes of the public key, were used in older versions of the protocol. 
```

or add a period between the 2 sentences

This legacy address is deduced from the `senderPublicKey` of the transaction and the amount specified in the transaction asset must correspond to the amount in the legacy account.

image::../assets/images/unif_diagrams/ReclaimAsset.png[ReclaimAsset]

> === Regenesis

Author: Maybe we omit this section until the LIP is finalized?

Reviewer 4: FYI you can comment sections out like this: https://asciidoctor.org/docs/asciidoc-syntax-quick-reference/#comments

= Lisk Mainnet Specifications

The Lisk mainnet is build using the Lisk protocol. 
It has been running for many years and has a few specificities that are not part of the basic Lisk protocol.

== Token

The native token for the Lisk mainnet is the *LSK*. Each LSK is further subdivided into 10^8^ [#index-beddows-1]#*Beddows*#.

== Transactions

The Lisk mainnet supports two additional transactions. 

==== Reclaim

> This transactions allows to access the balance that was sent to a legacy address without any associated public key. This legacy address needs to match with the `senderPublicKey` of the transaction.

Reviewer 5: I think it is not clear to say `This legacy address needs to match with the `senderPublicKey` of the transaction.` What about `This legacy address has to be associated with (the account of) the `senderPublicKey`.

Reviewer 2: changed

image::../assets/images/unif_diagrams/ReclaimAsset.png[ReclaimAsset]

==== Regenesis

> This transaction defines precisely the accounts state and the chain state at a specified regenesis height.

Reviewer 5: Suggestion: I am not a big fan of using "define precisely" when it is just the hash of those data structures. Maybe something simpler like: "This transaction contains the hash of the accounts state and chain state at a certain height".

Reviewer 2: changed
